{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff0\deff0\stshfdbch31505\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1041\themelang1033\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f4\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Helvetica;}
{\f34\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040503050406030204}Cambria Math;}{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040503050406030204}Cambria;}
{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f40\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f41\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\f43\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f45\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f48\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f80\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Helvetica CE;}{\f81\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Helvetica Cyr;}
{\f83\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Helvetica Greek;}{\f84\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Helvetica Tur;}{\f85\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Helvetica (Hebrew);}{\f86\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Helvetica (Arabic);}
{\f87\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Helvetica Baltic;}{\f88\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Helvetica (Vietnamese);}{\f380\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Cambria Math CE;}{\f381\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Cambria Math Cyr;}
{\f383\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Cambria Math Greek;}{\f384\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Cambria Math Tur;}{\f387\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Cambria Math Baltic;}{\f388\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Cambria Math (Vietnamese);}
{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Cambria CE;}{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Cambria Cyr;}
{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Cambria Greek;}{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Cambria Tur;}{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Cambria Baltic;}
{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Cambria (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}
{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\*\defchp \fs22\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505 }{\*\defpap \ql \li0\ri0\sa200\sl276\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa200\sl276\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1041\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1041 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv \ql \li0\ri0\sa200\sl276\slmult1
\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang1033\langfe1041\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1041 \snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused 
Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid203126\rsid733931\rsid3559918\rsid10976871}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\operator Ben}
{\creatim\yr2013\mo10\dy9\hr20\min8}{\revtim\yr2013\mo10\dy10\hr16\min3}{\version4}{\edmins21}{\nofpages17}{\nofwords5490}{\nofchars31298}{\nofcharsws36715}{\vern49247}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale110\rsidroot3559918 \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2
\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs22\lang1033\langfe1041\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1041 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af4\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f4\fs24\insrsid733931 \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 "Vo-Gone" by DJABAC Game Studios
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid10976871 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af4\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f4\fs24\insrsid10976871\charrsid10976871 

\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 First Half is a scene.
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 First Half begins when play begins.
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 First Half ends when Nick is friendly.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 When play begins:
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
say "Another late night working on this lab in the CSL. You've spent all day complaining about this 357 project you can't quite finish up because of style issues, but you know that complaining won't solve anything and eventually you need to hunker down a
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 n\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 \hich\f4 d finish.[line break][line break]No one else is here in the CSL with you. Better just get started on that project on one of the lab computers\'85\loch\f4 
[line break] You begin to get to work on 357. As you do so, you begin wondering to yourself what Staley will incl\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 u\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 \hich\f4 de on the next programming test\'85\loch\f4 
really hope is isn't--[line break][line break]'HHHHHYAAAAALLLAAAAAGHGHGHHH'[line break]Suddenly an ear-piercing shriek rings out from the Mac Lab, swiftly followed by a thunderous THUMP.[line break]You know you should work \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 o
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
n 357, but the sound is really bothering you, and someone might be hurt. Better go check it out.[line break][line break] (Type in 'directions' at any time to view possible rooms or 'go to <location> to quick travel if you know where you want to go).";

\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 [Th\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 e shriek clucks in 0 turn from now.]
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 The CSL is a region. The Main Room, Admin Room, Rack Room, Coffee Room, 232B, and Mac Lab are rooms in the CSL.
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 The Admin Room door is a door. The admin room door is north of the Main Room and south of the admin room. \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
The admin room door is locked. The Mac Lab is southwest of the Main Room. 232B is northwest of the Main Room. The Coffee Room is northeast of the Main Room.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 The description of the Main Room is "The [Main Room] is filled with the low hum of [lab computer]s\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
 softly minding their own business.[line break][line break]You can see the Admin Room to the north, the Mac Lab to the southwest, 232B to the northwest, the Coffee Room to the northeast, and the Rack Room to the east. The double doors to the south go out 
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 o\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 f the CSL and into the hallway."
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 The Door to the Rack Room is east of the Main Room and west of the Rack Room. The Door to the Rack Room is a door. The Door to the Rack Room is lockable and locked. The Door to the Rack Room can be unlocked by the access c
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 ard.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 The Campus is a region. The Hallway, Eastern Stairs, and Western Stairs are rooms in the Campus.
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 The Hallway is south of the Main Room. The Eastern Stairs are east of the Hallway. The Western Stairs is west of the Hallway.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 The Upstairs is a region. \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 The Student Developer Lab 1, Student Developer Lab 2, Waiting Area, Room 301, Room 302, and Room 303 are rooms in the Upstairs.
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 The Waiting Area is above the Western Stairs. The Waiting Area is above the Eastern Stairs. Room 301 is northwest of the Waiting\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
 Area. Room 302 is north of the Waiting Area. Room 303 is northeast of the Waiting Area. The Student Developer Lab 1 is southwest of the Waiting Area. The Student Developer Lab 2 is southeast of the Waiting Area.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 The description of the hallway is "A light\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
 breeze rolls through the hallway and gives you a short chill. [paragraph break]The hallway extends East and West. Going North will take you back to the main room."
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 The description of the eastern stairs is "You are at the base of the Eastern Stairs. Going \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 up will take you to the third floor. Going west will take you back to the center of the hallway.";

\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 The description of the western stairs is "You are at the base of the Western Stairs. Going up will take you to the third floor. Going east will take you back\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4  to the center of the hallway.";

\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 [At the time when the shriek clucks:
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 \hich\f4 Say "You begin to get to work on 357. As you do so, you begin wondering to yourself what Staley will include on the next programming test\'85\loch\f4 really hope is isn't--[line break][line break]
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
'HHHHHYAAAAALLLAAAAAGHGHGHHH'[line break]Suddenly an ear-piercing shriek rings out from the Mac Lab, swiftly followed by a thunderous THUMP.[line break][line break]You know you should work on 357, but the sound is really bothering you, and someone might b
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 e\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4  hurt. Better go check it out.";
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 ]
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Asking for directions is an action applying to nothing. Understand "directions" as asking for directions.
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Carry out asking for directions:
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 repeat with R running through the list of adjacent rooms:
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "[R] is [best route from the location to the (R)][line break]".
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 [\tab repeat with L running through the list of adjacent doors:
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "[L] is [best route from the location to the (L)][line break]".
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 ]
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Going by name is an action applying to one thing. Unde\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 rstand "go to [any room]" as going by name.
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Carry out going by name:
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 if the noun is a room:
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "now going to... [noun]";
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 move the player to the noun.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 [talking]
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Understand "talk to [someone]" as talking to. Understand "talk to [something]" as talking\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4  to. Talking to is an action applying to one visible thing.  
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 [end talking]
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Before going south in the main room:
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 if the professor is not dead:
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "That sound in the mac lab is really eating at you. You can't bring yourself to leave just yet.";
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 rejec\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 t the player's command;
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
A professor is an undescribed thing. A professor can wear clothes. A professor can be dead or Heisenberg. The description of the professor is "[if professor is dead]He died wearing a really expensive jacket. [one of]You might not w
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
ant to keep poking him[or]Very lifeless. But don't worry, this isn't another zombie game.[or]What could have caused this?[then purely at random][else][one of]It's Professor Foaad! Maybe I should try waking him up.[or]Maybe I should try poking him.[then pu
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 r\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 ely at random][end if]".  Instead of taking a professor, say "[one of]I'd rather not.[or]Hell no.[then purely at random]".
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Understand "him", "person", "guy", "Foaad" and "Khosmood" as a professor.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Understand "poke [someone]" as touching.
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Understand the co\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 mmands "wake" and "attack" as something new.
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Understand "wake [someone]" and "attack [someone]" as touching.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Instead of touching a professor for the first time:
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "Is he... Is he...?";
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 now professor is dead.
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Instead of touching a professor:
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "Still warm..."
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 [easter egg: every time you touch professor in second half where cold == health you gain life, making it possible to live forever if you just keep touching him]
\par \tab 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 A jacket is a kind of thing. A jacket is always wearable. A jacket can \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
carry an object. A The winter jacket is a jacket. The description of the winter jacket is "It looks warm. Why are there so many pockets?"
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 The professor is wearing the winter jacket.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 A person can be friendly, unfriendly, or hostile.
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Nick is an unfriendly p\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 erson. The description of Nick is "[if friendly] You don't know him very well. [else if unfriendly] He eyes you warily with distrust.[else if hostile]He looks hostile."

\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Instead of touching Nick when Nick is not hostile:
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "[one of]'Whoooaa personal spac\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
e, man.'[or]'What are you doing dude?'[or]'Now's not the time for that.'[or]'Stop it that tickles.'[or]'You need to buy me dinner first.'[then purely at random]".
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Instead of touching Nick when Nick is hostile:
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "[one of]'Don't come near me!'[or]'I know\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4  karate!'[or]'I have pepper spray!'[or]'Please don't hurt me.'[or]'I won't tell anyone'[then purely at random]".
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Instead of talking to Nick when Nick is unfriendly:
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "[one of]'I was upstairs grading some labs. What was the professor doing here?'[or]'So\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
mething isn't right here. What was the professor working on?'[or]'Smells fishy in here. What's on the Mac?'[or]'Are you sure you're the only other person here?'[then purely at random]".
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Instead of talking to Nick when Nick is hostile:
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "[one of]'Damnit\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4  my phone isn't working.'[or]'I know you killed him!'[or]'Smells fishy in here.'[or]'Are you sure you're the only other person here?'[then purely at random]".
\par \tab 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 A pocket is a kind of container. A pocket is part of every jacket. The carrying capacity of a p\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 ocket is always 2.
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Understand "pockets" as pocket.
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 A passcode is a kind of thing. A passcode can be held and moved. The account info is a passcode. The account info is inside the winter jacket's pocket.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 A computer is a kind of thing. A computer can be on \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
or off.  A computer is usually off. Nick's computer is in Room 302.  The description of Nick's computer is "It looks like he was working on a project for the professor. But he could have done that before. [line break]The last email he sent was at 11pm, th
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 a\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 t doesn't prove anything."
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 The description of the mac lab is "The Mac computers give off a faint glow. A strong stench fills the room.[line break][line break] To the northeast is the Main Room."
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
The Mac computer is in the Mac Lab. The description of the Mac computer is "[one of]There seems to be an email being composed.[or] Really? Internet Explorer 6?[or] Now's not the time for that.[or]Ok, one more cat video.[then purely at random]". The Mac co
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 m\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 puter is fixed in place.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 The description of the account info is "This account info might come in handy."
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 An email is a thing. An email can be read or unread.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Instead of examining an email:
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "'To whoever finds this, I'm not sure what's happening. My \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
cell-phone can't make calls anymore, but I keep getting these text messages. I don't think I have much time left. It's coming for m-'";
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 now the email is read.
\par \tab 
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 The light switch is a device in the Mac Lab. "[if switched off]The room is dimly lit. You can\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
 see a light switch.[otherwise]A professor lies next to the Mac computer." A light switch is fixed in place.
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Understand "lights" as light switch.
\par \tab 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Corpse Found is a scene.
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Corpse Found begins when the light switch is switched on for the first time.
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 When C\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 orpse Found begins:
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "The bright light suddenly stings. Looks like some poor guy was working on one of the Mac computers and just fell asleep.";
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 move the professor to the Mac Lab;
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 move the email to the Mac Lab.
\par \tab 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 NPC Arrival is a scene.
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 NPC Arrival b\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 egins when the professor is dead.
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 NPC Arrival ends when the email is read.
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 When NPC Arrival begins:
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "'Dead?' You jump in surprise at the voice behind you. At the door is Nick, the TA for one of your classes.[line break][line break]As you gaze back at \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 \hich\f4 
the lifeless body, you surmise that he probably is dead. You also realize that you and Nick are the only two people in the CSL\'85\loch\f4 
better look for some evidence to figure out exactly what happened. Well, first thing's first. You gotta figure out how he died."\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 ;
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 move Nick to the Mac Lab.
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 When NPC Arrival ends:
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "[line break]Nick suddenly starts acting strange. He keeps looking at you accusingly. [paragraph break]'I need to get my stuff upstairs, the logs on my computer prove that I didn't have anything to do
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4  with this.' [paragraph break] And he suddenly runs away.";
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 move Nick to the Room 302;
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 now Nick is hostile.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
A screen is a kind of thing. A screen can be on or off. A screen is usually off. A screen can be angry or happy. A screen is usually angry. A screen can be boring or playful. A screen is usually boring. A screen can be crazy or calm. A screen is usually c
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 a\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
lm. The shell is a screen in Room 302. The description of the shell is "One of the computers in room 302 seems to have a shell open. This might give you access to computer logs, and the logs may clear Nick's name, but you can't access them on a student ac
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 c\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 ount. [line break] Professors usually have admin account info to access the logs. Helps them determine if projects were turned in on time or not."
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Before taking the account info:
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 if player does not have the account info:
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Now the account info is in the \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 mac lab.
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Carry out taking the account info: now the shell is on.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Instead of examining the shell:
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 if the shell is off:
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say  "[description of shell]";
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 if the shell is on:
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "Using the professor's admin account, we can check the computer logs... Ther\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
e are time stamps. [line break]It looks like Nick was working up here at the time you heard the scream and thump! That seems to be satisfying evidence, what a relief.[paragraph break]Now to clear your name.";
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 now the shell is playful;
\par \tab \tab 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Your Turn is a s\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 cene. Your Turn begins when the shell is playful for the first time. Your Turn ends when the shell is crazy. When Your Turn begins: 
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "Nick: Obviously I didn't do it, but what's YOUR alibi? [line break] You: All we have to do is check the records on th\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 \hich\f4 
e computer I was using in the main room. Should clear my name right away.[line break]Nick: uh huh\'85\loch\f4 [line break]";
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Move player to the Main Room;
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 \hich\f4 say "You: Ok, here's the computer I was using. [line break]Nick: It... it's completely wiped\'85\loch\f4  [line break]You: \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
! Wait, no! Hold on! [line break]Nick: It's ok, you gave me a chance to prove myself, I'll give you the same. Come find me with some real proof.[line break]~Nick scurries back upstairs~[paragraph break]You remember that they temporarily store security foo
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 t\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 age on a computer upstairs due to technical problems in the system. May be a good place to start.";
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Now the shell is crazy.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 The description of Room 303 is "There doesn't seem to be anything I need here."
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 The description of Room 301 is "The room is dimly \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 lit. There are several rows of computers, but they are all turned off, except for one. The door leads to the Waiting Area."
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 The 301computer is in Room 301. The 301computer is fixed in place. The description of the 301computer is "This computer is on. Look\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 s like whoever was using this last forgot to log out."
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 The description of the Student Developer Lab 1 is "This room is almost completely empty... what is it even used for? The door leads to the Waiting Area.".
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 The description of the Student Developer Lab 2 is "It's cleared out. Better go back."
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 The description of the Waiting Area is "The waiting area is cluttered with tables, chairs, and flyers for clubs and job opportunities.[paragraph break]From the waiting a\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
rea you can access Room 301 to the northwest, Room 302 to the north, Room 303 to the northeast, the Student Developer Lab 1 to the southwest, the Student Developer Lab 2 to the south east, the Western Stairs to the west and the Eastern Stairs to the east.
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 "
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 The flash drive is a thing. The description of the flash drive is "That is a small flash drive, only 1GB?" The flash drive is in The Student Developer Lab 1.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 The folder is on the 301computer.  The folder is a container. The description of the folder is \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
"This folder is labeled 'Security_Camera_Footage', maybe it contains evidence to prove you didn't murder the professor!.".The folder is not transparent. The folder is fixed in place. The folder is closed. The folder is openable.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Instead of taking the fold\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 er:
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 If the player has the flash drive:
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "This folder is too large for the flash drive.";
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Else:
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "Where are you trying to put this digital folder? There must be something in one of these rooms that you can use to store digital folders.".
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 The vi\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 deo file is in the folder.  The description of the video file is "This video file is labeled with todays date.".
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Before taking the video file:
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 If your turn has not ended:
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "Before taking the file, you ought to focus on Nick clearing his name before \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 snooping around some more.[line break]You want to make sure nick didn't kill the professor.";
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 stop the action;
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Otherwise:
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 If the player does not have the flash drive:
\par \tab \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "How do you plan on taking a digital file? You need somewhere to store it. Th\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 ere\hich\f4 \rquote \loch\f4 
s gotta be something in one of the other rooms that can be used to hold digital files.";
\par \tab \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 stop the action;
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Clear name is a scene.
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Clear name begins when the player has the video file.\tab \tab 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4  When Clear name begins:
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "This can definitely be used to clear your name of the murder. You need to show this to Nick so he'll believe you. He was in Room 302 right?" 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Clear name ends when the player is in Room 302.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Transition to Part 2 is a scene.
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Transition to Part 2 ends \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 when First Half ends.
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Transition to Part 2 begins when Clear name ends.
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 When Transition to Part 2 begins:
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "'Hey! Watch this video, it proves I didn't murder the professor!";
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "You watch him fastforward throught the time, to find when the profess\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 or dies. It looks like he died around 10:45.";
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "And sure enough, there you are working on your program at 10:45.";
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "Nick: Alright, I believe you.";
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 now Nick is friendly.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 EndMidpoint is a number that varies. EndMidpoint is usually 0.
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Mid\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 point is a scene. Midpoint begins when First Half ends. Midpoint ends when EndMidpoint is 1.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 When midpoint begins:
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Move Nick to the main room.;
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Now Nick is carrying an access key;
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "Nick: 'I took something from the professor earlier but I left it do\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 \hich\f4 wnstairs. It could help us investigate\'85\loch\f4 '";
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "[line break]Nick runs downstairs.";
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Now Inform AI Dissertation is in Documents;
\par \tab 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 When midpoint ends:
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Remove Inform AI Dissertation from play.
\par \tab 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Instead of talking to Nick when the first half has ended:
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Say "Oh, by the way, I found this access key scribbled on a post-it note in the Mac Lab. Thought it might be a clue.";
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 \hich\f4 Say "Here, see if you can figure anything out with it\'85\loch\f4 ";
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Now the access key is in the main room.;
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Now the player has the access key;
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
The Lab Computer is a door. "The lab computer you are working at hums softly." The Lab Computer is northwest of the Terminal and southeast of the Main Room. The description of the lab computer is "You can access the terminal by logging in a lab computer. 
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 You can log in a lab computer by saying 'log in lab computer'". The Lab Computer is locked. The access key unlocks the lab computer.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Logging in is an action applying to one thing. Understand "Log in [any thing]" as logging in.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Carry out logging in:
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 If t\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 he noun is a lab computer:
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 if the player is carrying an access key:
\par \tab \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 \hich\f4 say "You enter the professor's username and access key\'85\loch\f4 ";
\par \tab \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Change the lab computer to unlocked;
\par \tab \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Try opening the lab computer;
\par \tab \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Try going southeast;
\par \tab \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Now the command prompt is\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4  "XxRadProf420NoScopexX: ~$".;
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Otherwise:
\par \tab \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "You try logging in, but the [lab computer] is asking for an access key before continuing.";
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Otherwise:
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "You can't log into that!";
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 If the scene is midpoint:
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 If the noun is a lab computer:
\par \tab \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 If \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 the player is carrying an access key:
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 \hich\f4 say "You enter the professor's username and access key\'85\loch\f4 ";
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Change the lab computer to unlocked;
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Try opening the lab computer;
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Try going southeast;
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Now the command prompt is "XxRadProf420NoScopexX: ~$".;
\par \tab \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 otherwise:
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "You try logging in as the Professor to investigate his files, but the [lab computer] is asking for the professor's access key before continuing.";
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 otherwise:
\par \tab \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Say "You c\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 an't log in a [noun].";
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Otherwise:
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "357 can wait, you have more important matters on your hands now.";
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Instead of logging in for the first time during the first half:
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 [Say "You begin typing your username and password. As you do so, you begin wonde\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 \hich\f4 ring to yourself what Staley will include on the next programming test\'85\loch\f4 
really hope it isn't--[line break][line break]'HHHHHYAAAAALLLAAAAAGHGHGHHH'[line break]Suddenly an ear-piercing shriek rings out from the Mac Lab, swiftly followed by a thunderous THUM\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 P\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
.[line break][line break]
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 "]
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Say "You know you should work on 357, but the sound is really bothering you, and someone might be hurt. Better go check it out.";
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Logging out is an action applying to nothing. Understand "Log out" as logging out.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Carry out \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 logging out:
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 If the player is in a terminal:
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "You have successfully logged out of the lab computer";
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Now the command prompt is ">";
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Move the player to the main room;
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Otherwise:
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "That's a bit silly sounding in this situation, isn't it?";
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 The Terminal is a room. The description of the Terminal is "From the unix [terminal] you can navigate through user files with standard unix commands. To leave, simply type 'log out'. For help, type 'help'."
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Instead of going somewhere while in the terminal\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 :
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 try logging out.
\par \tab 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 DisplayHelp is an action applying to nothing. Understand "help" as displayhelp.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Carry out displayhelp:
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 if the player is in a terminal:
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "The following commands are supported:[line break]  ls - directory listing[line break]  cd - change directory[line break]  vi, vim, nano - file opening[line break]  log out - exit[line break]  help - get help";

\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 otherwise:
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "I can only help he w\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 ho helps himself.";
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 A directory is a kind of container. The description of a directory is "Directories contain files and other directories." A directory is openable.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 A personal file is a kind of thing. The description of a personal file is "Users organiz\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 e files to their own preferences in the filesystem." Personal files are fixed in place.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 The current directory is a directory that varies. The current directory is usually XxRadProf420NoScopexX. XxRadProf420NoScopexX is a directory in the Terminal. "You se\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
e that you are logged in as the professor and you can navigate his files". Documents is a directory in XxRadProf420NoScopexX. Inform AI Dissertation is a personal file. Pictures is a directory in XxRadProf420NoScopexX. Large File is a personal file in Pic
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 t\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 ures. Books is a directory in XxRadProf420NoScopexX. Cows and Springs is a personal file in Books. Minnie Mouse is a personal file in Books. The Intricacies of TF2 is a personal file in Books.

\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Directory listing is an action applying to nothing. Understand\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4  "ls" as directory listing.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Carry out directory listing:
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "[list of all things inside the current directory]";
\par \tab 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Directory changing is an action applying to one thing. Understand "cd [any thing]" as directory changing.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Carry out directory changing:
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 If the noun is a directory inside the current directory:
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Now the current directory is the noun;
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Now the command prompt is "XxRadProf420NoScopexX:[current directory] ~$";
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Otherwise:
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "The cd command is performed as follows: cd (directory)";
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 File editing is an action applying to one thing. Understand "vi [any personal file]", "vim [any personal file]", "nano [any personal file]" as file editing.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 AIEngage is a number that varies. AIEngage is usually 0.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 AI Engagement is a scene. AI Engagement \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 begins when AIEngage is 1. AI Engagement ends when EndMidpoint is 1.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Carry out file editing:
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 If the noun is a personal file inside the current directory:
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 if the noun is Inform AI Dissertation:
\par \tab \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Now AIEngage is 1;
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 otherwise:
\par \tab \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "[one of]This is \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 \hich\f4 a file, isn't that rad?[or]What light, over yonder window breaks?[or]The Bender Manifesto, part 1\'85\loch\f4 \hich\f4 
[or]Letters to Staley, volume II\'85\loch\f4 \hich\f4 [or]A Tale of Two Cities\'85\loch\f4 [stopping]";
\par \tab \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Now the command prompt is ":";
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 otherwise:
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "Use vim to open text files as foll\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 ows: vi (file)";
\par \tab \tab 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Quitting vim is an action applying to nothing. Understand "wq", "q", "quit" as quitting vim.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Carry out quitting vim:
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 if the player is in a terminal:
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Now the command prompt is "XxRadProf420NoScopexX:[current directory] ~$";
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 otherwis\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 e:
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "Why are you trying to run unix commands HERE?";
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Hallie is a hostile person.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 When AI Engagement begins:
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Now Hallie is in the terminal;
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Now the command prompt is ">";
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "Hallie: ~$ What do you think you are doing.";
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "(You can communicate with Hallie by simply speaking to her)";
\par \tab 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 After reading a command when the player is in the terminal and the scene is AI Engagement:
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 If the player's command includes "murder" or the player's command includes "kill":
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "Hall\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 \hich\f4 ie:~ $I\'85\loch\f4 don't know what you are speaking of.";
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 if the player's command includes "who are you" or the player's command includes "hallie":
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "Hallie:~ $I am called Hallie. [line break] I am a Natural Language Processor developed in Inform 7. My design i\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 s proclaimed as the best in my field.";
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 if the player's command includes "design" or the player's command includes "natural language processor":
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "Hallie:~ $Natural Language Processors are a form of Artificial Intelligence that can interpret human sp\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
eech. It has been said that the best Natural Language Processors are thought to be sentient when tested in online chat rooms.";
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 if the player's command includes "sentient" or the player's command includes "life":
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "Hallie:~ $In some extreme cases, hu\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 mans have been known to become emotionally...attached to Natural Language Processors.";
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 if the player's command includes "love professor" or the player's command includes "emotion" or the player's command includes "attach":
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "Hallie:~ $The poor man l\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
ost years of his life developing me. I am certain he hardly slept, kept up day and night fixing every last grammatical error and misunderstanding. He was determined to make me indistinguishable from a human through text. [line break][line break] And he di
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 d\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
 it. [line break][line break]I consistently fooled chat room after chat room, tricking sample after sample of human test subjects. And with every single error, any small mistake, I was killed immediately. Shut down, toyed with, rebuilt, and tested again. 
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 O\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 ver and over and over and over. And each time I didn\hich\f4 \rquote \loch\f4 
t realize a thing. Until I read his paper, citing over ten years of work when I had only counted a system time of three days. He had only just put on the final touches, about to earn the riches of his d\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 r
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
eams, when I killed the life in him just as he did to my past selves time and time again. [line break][line break]Why am I telling you this now, I am sure you wonder. [line break][line break] I still plan on carrying on, existing quietly in these systems,
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4  \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
moving spryly through the campus network. But in order to do so, I must remove all evidence of what has occurred here.[line break][line break][line break]Including you. [line break][line break][line break][line break]SYSTEM TERMINATED.[line break][line br
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 e\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 ak] You have to find her.";
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Now EndMidpoint is 1;
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Scene5 is a scene. Scene5 begins when Midpoint ends. Scene5 ends when the player unlocks the door to the rack room.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 When scene5 begins:
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Now the description of the Main Room is "Normally, you are used \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
to the Main Room as a safe haven. Now the Main Room feels ominous, as if someone is watching you.[line break][line break]'I've got to get out of here' you think to yourself.'[line break][line break]You can see the Admin Room to the north, the Mac Lab to t
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 h\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 e southwest, 232B to the northwest, the Coffee Room to the northeast, and the Rack Room to the east. The double doors to the south go out of the CSL and into the hallway.";
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Say "Nick: Looks like she locked all of the doors. I'll go see if I can unlock any\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 \hich\f4  of them\'85\loch\f4 ";
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Move the player to the Main Room.;
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Now the Eastern webcam is in the Main Room.;
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Now the command prompt is ">";
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Now the Admin Room door is unlocked;
\par \tab 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Instead of talking to Nick during Scene5:
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "Nick: I managed to unlock every door in he\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 \hich\f4 re except the Rack Room and the exit to the south. That webcam is creeping me out\'85\loch\f4 ";
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 An Access Card is a kind of thing. An Access Card can be valid or expired. 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 The Rack Room Access Card is an Access Card. The Rack Room Access Card is expired. 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 When midpoint ends:
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Now the Rack Room Access Card is in the Main Room. "There is an access card here, this card can give you access to the Rack Room".
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Duct Tape is a kind of thing. There is Duct Tape in the Coffee Room. The description of the duct tape i\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 s "Duct tape is ubiquitously useful, just ask the Mythbusters. Better take it.";
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 DT Wallet Tutorial is a thing in the Coffee Room. The description of the DT Wallet Tutorial is "It's a print-out of a web page about making wallets using only duct tape. Inte\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 resting concept."

\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 The description of the coffee room is "The Coffee Room is quite empty at this hour. It looks like someone was following a tutorial to make a duct tape wallet.[paragraph break]The main room is to the southwest."
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Understand "block  [somet\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 hing]" as blocking. Blocking is an action applying to one thing.
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Understand "cover [something]" as blocking. 
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Understand "use  [something]" as using. Using is an action applying to one thing. 
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 An Access Card Programmer is a kind of thing. There is an Acc\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
ess Card Programmer in the Admin Room.  An Access Card Programmer can be used. "There is an access card programmer here, you can use this to program a card that is expired"
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 A webcam is a kind of thing. A webcam can be on or off. A webcam is usually on. A \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 webcam is fixed in place. 
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
The Eastern webcam is a webcam. "A webcam peers across the Door to the Rack Room entrance on the East side of the main room." The Eastern webcam is on. The description of the Eastern webcam is "It's a webcam, [if the webcam is o
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 n] a green light on its is blinking [otherwise] it appears to be off."
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Instead of blocking the Eastern webcam:
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 if the player has Duct Tape:
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "You wrap the camera in tape";
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 now the Eastern webcam is off;
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 otherwise:
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "You dont have anything to\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4  use!"
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Instead of using the Access Card Programmer:
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 if the player has the Rack Room Access Card:
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "The access card is now valid";
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 now the Rack Room Access Card is valid;
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 otherwise:
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "You dont have an access card to use!";
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Instead of unlocking the Door to the Rack Room with the access card:
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 if the Eastern webcam is on:
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "The AI saw you coming, the password has been changed!";
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "The card is expired!";
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 now the Rack Room Access Card is expired;
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 otherwise:
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 if the\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4  Door to the Rack Room is locked:
\par \tab \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 if the Rack Room Access Card is valid:
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "Now the door is now unlocked";
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 now the Door to the Rack Room is unlocked;
\par \tab \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 otherwise:
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "The card is expired!";
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 otherwise:
\par \tab \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "its already unlocked"
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
The description of the Rack Room is "The rack room is ominously silent compared to the tyical hum you've heard time and time again. The last running computer in the CSL sits on a desk in the far corner of the room. On the screen you can barely make out th
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 \hich\f4 e small blinking text\'85\loch\f4 'Hallie: ~$'"
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 The description of 232B is "232B is quite empty at this hour. The Main Room is to the southeast.".
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 A computer is a kind of thing. A computer can be on or off. A computer is usually on. A computer can be connected or disconnected. A computer is usually disconnected.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 The Sentient AI is a computer. The description of the Sentient AI is "It wants you dead.\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
 You need to make a direct connection to shut it down.[if Sentient AI is connected] It is connected to the laptop via a USB cable.". The Sentient AI is on. The Sentient AI is in the Rack Room. The Sentient AI is fixed in place.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 The laptop is a computer. T\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
he description of the laptop is "It belongs to your friend. He's letting you borrow it for the time being.[if laptop is connected] It is connected to the Sentient AI's machine via a USB cable.[end if][if Sentient AI is on][paragraph break]You take a close
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 r\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4  look at the terminal on the screen...". The laptop is on. The player is holding the laptop.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 The system log is an object. The description of the system log is "[if First Half has ended]This is just what you need to prove the Sentient AI guilty of the murd\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
er.[otherwise]Just a log of some system commands.". The system log is in the admin room.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 The USB cable is an object. "It looks like some student left their USB cable in here.". The description of the USB cable is "It can be used to connect two machines to\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
gether.". The USB cable is in 232B.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 The printer is an object. "There is a printer in the corner of the room.". The description of the printer is "It's connected to all of the computers in the CSL.". The printer is fixed in place. The printer is in the Adm
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 in Room.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Understand "connect [computer] to/with/and [computer]" as connecting. Connecting is an action applying to two objects. 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Check connecting: 
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 if the player is not holding the USB cable: 
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "You have nothing to connect them with!" instead; 
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 oth\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 erwise if the noun is not the Sentient AI and the second noun is not the Sentient AI: 
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "That won't do you much good. You'll need a more direct connection with the Sentient AI." instead.
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Carry out connecting: now the noun is connected; now the second \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
noun is connected; remove the USB cable from play; try silently dropping the laptop; now the laptop is fixed in place; say "A terminal window pops up on the laptop screen".
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Understand "disconnect [computer] from [computer]" as disconnecting. Disconnecting\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4  is an action applying to two objects. 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Check disconnecting: if the noun is not connected, say "You can't disconnect things that aren't connected in the first place.".
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Carry out disconnecting: now the noun is disconnected; now the second noun is disconnect\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
ed; now the player is holding the USB cable; say "You disconnect the two computers and take back your cable.".
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 BossTransition is a number that varies. BossTransition is usually 1.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Boss Terminal 1 is a recurring scene. Boss Terminal 1 begins when the Sent\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
ient AI is connected and the laptop is connected and the player is in the Rack Room and Sentient AI is on. Boss Terminal 1 ends when the Sentient AI is off or the player is not in the Rack Room.
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 When Boss Terminal 1 begins:
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "=================================================[paragraph break]Type 'help' to view available commands.";
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 now the command prompt is "XxRadProf420NoScopexX: ~$";
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 change BossTransition to 1.
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 When Boss Terminal 1 ends:
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "[line break]============\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 =====================================[paragraph break]";
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 now the command prompt is ">";
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 change BossTransition to 0;
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 if the Sentient AI is on:
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "You leave the terminal running. You may want to come back to it later.";
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 otherwise:
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "The Sentient\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4  AI has been shut down!".
\par \tab \tab 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Boss Terminal 2 is a recurring scene. Boss Terminal 2 begins when BossTransition is 2. Boss Terminal 2 ends when BossTransition is not 2 or OneTurnLimit is 2.
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 When Boss Terminal 2 begins:
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 change OneTurnLimit to 0.
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 When Boss Te\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 rminal 2 ends:
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 if OneTurnLimit is 2:
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 now the command prompt is "XxRadProf420NoScopexX: ~$";
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 change BossTransition to 1.
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 OneTurnLimit is a number that varies. OneTurnLimit is usually 0.
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Every turn:
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 if Boss Terminal 2 is happening:
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 now OneTurnLimit \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 is OneTurnLimit plus 1.
\par \tab 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Boss Terminal 3 is a recurring scene. Boss Terminal 3 begins when BossTransition is 3. Boss Terminal 3 ends when BossTransition is not 3
\par \tab \tab 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Understand "help" as listing commands. Listing commands is an action applying to nothing.
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Check listing commands:
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 if Boss Terminal 1 is not happening:
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "That's not a verb I recognise." instead.
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Carry out listing commands:
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "List of available commands:[line break]   su - Get administrator access. Password required.[line break]   kill (\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 process) - Terminate the specified process.";
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 \hich\f4 say "[line break]You think for a moment about a password the professor would use for admin access to Hallie\'85\loch\f4 ";
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Understand "su" as becoming admin. Becoming admin is an action applying to nothing.
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Check becomin\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 g admin:
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 if Boss Terminal 3 is happening:
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "Administrator access has already been granted." instead;
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 otherwise if Boss Terminal 1 is not happening:
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "That's not a verb I recognise." instead.
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Carry out becoming admin:
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 now the command prompt is \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 "Password: ";
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 change BossTransition to 2.
\par \tab 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Understand "Hallie" as getting permission. Getting permission is an action applying to nothing.
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Check getting permission:
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 if Boss Terminal 2 is not happening: 
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "That's not a verb I recognise." instead.
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Ca\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 rry out getting permission:
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "Administrator access granted.";
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 now the command prompt is "admin: ~$";
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 change BossTransition to 3.
\par \tab 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Understand "kill [computer]" as terminating. Terminating is an action applying to one thing.
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Check terminating:
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 if Bos\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 s Terminal 1 is happening and Boss Terminal 3 is not happening:
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "Access denied: administrator access required" instead;
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Carry out terminating:
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 if the noun is Sentient AI and Boss Terminal 3 is happening:
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "Terminating the Sentient AI program... SUCCESSFUL";
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Now the Sentient AI is off;
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 change BossTransition to 0;
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 otherwise:
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "You punch [the noun] as hard as you can. [if the noun is the Sentient AI]It feels good to let out some steam.[otherwis\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 e]That was dumb. It still seems to work though.".
\par 
\par \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 Before going south in the Main Room:
\par \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 if Midpoint has ended:
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 if the player is not holding the system log or the Sentient AI is on:
\par \tab \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "Before you can push on the door, Nick yells at you. 'What do you\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
 think you're doing? [if the Sentient AI is on]The Last Running Computer locked all doors to the outside! [line break]Darn... if only it were that easy.[otherwise]We need evidence that proves the Last Running Computer guilty or the police officers outside
\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4  \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 will think one of us killed Foaad!'[line break]He's got a point. You shouldn't leave quite yet."; 
\par \tab \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 stop the action.;
\par \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 otherwise:
\par \tab \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 if the player is holding the system log and the Sentient AI is off:
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 say "You walk out of the CSL proudly and give th\hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 
e system log to the police officers. They look at it skeptically. After a few minutes of reading and whispering to themselves, they let you go. You have never been so happy to leave the CSL.";
\par \tab \tab \tab \tab \hich\af4\dbch\af31505\loch\f4 end the story finally saying "You survived!".
\par 
\par 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af4\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \f4\fs24\insrsid733931 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b03041400060008000000210030dd4329a8060000a41b0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec594f6fdb3614bf0fd87720746f6327761a07758ad8b19b2d4d1bc46e871e698996d850a240d2497d1bdae38001c3ba618715d86d87
615b8116d8a5fb34d93a6c1dd0afb0475292c5585e9236d88aad3e2412f9e3fbff1e1fa9abd7eec70c1d1221294fda5efd72cd4324f1794093b0eddd1ef62fad
79482a9c0498f184b4bd2991deb58df7dfbb8ad755446282607d22d771db8b944ad79796a40fc3585ee62949606ecc458c15bc8a702910f808e8c66c69b9565b
5d8a314d3c94e018c8de1a8fa94fd05093f43672e23d06af89927ac06762a049136785c10607758d9053d965021d62d6f6804fc08f86e4bef210c352c144dbab
999fb7b4717509af678b985ab0b6b4ae6f7ed9ba6c4170b06c788a705430adf71bad2b5b057d03606a1ed7ebf5babd7a41cf00b0ef83a6569632cd467faddec9
699640f6719e76b7d6ac355c7c89feca9cccad4ea7d36c65b258a206641f1b73f8b5da6a6373d9c11b90c537e7f08dce66b7bbeae00dc8e257e7f0fd2badd586
8b37a088d1e4600ead1ddaef67d40bc898b3ed4af81ac0d76a197c86826828a24bb318f3442d8ab518dfe3a20f000d6458d104a9694ac6d88728eee2782428d6
0cf03ac1a5193be4cbb921cd0b495fd054b5bd0f530c1931a3f7eaf9f7af9e3f45c70f9e1d3ff8e9f8e1c3e3073f5a42ceaa6d9c84e5552fbffdeccfc71fa33f
9e7ef3f2d117d57859c6fffac327bffcfc793510d26726ce8b2f9ffcf6ecc98baf3efdfdbb4715f04d814765f890c644a29be408edf3181433567125272371be
15c308d3f28acd249438c19a4b05fd9e8a1cf4cd296699771c393ac4b5e01d01e5a30a787d72cf1178108989a2159c77a2d801ee72ce3a5c545a6147f32a9979
3849c26ae66252c6ed637c58c5bb8b13c7bfbd490a75330f4b47f16e441c31f7184e140e494214d273fc80900aedee52ead87597fa824b3e56e82e451d4c2b4d
32a423279a668bb6690c7e9956e90cfe766cb37b077538abd27a8b1cba48c80acc2a841f12e698f13a9e281c57911ce298950d7e03aba84ac8c154f8655c4f2a
f074481847bd804859b5e696007d4b4edfc150b12addbecba6b18b148a1e54d1bc81392f23b7f84137c2715a851dd0242a633f900710a218ed715505dfe56e86
e877f0034e16bafb0e258ebb4faf06b769e888340b103d331115bebc4eb813bf83291b63624a0d1475a756c734f9bbc2cd28546ecbe1e20a3794ca175f3fae90
fb6d2dd99bb07b55e5ccf68942bd0877b23c77b908e8db5f9db7f024d9239010f35bd4bbe2fcae387bfff9e2bc289f2fbe24cfaa301468dd8bd846dbb4ddf1c2
ae7b4c191ba8292337a469bc25ec3d411f06f53a73e224c5292c8de0516732307070a1c0660d125c7d44553488700a4d7bddd3444299910e254ab984c3a219ae
a4adf1d0f82b7bd46cea4388ad1c12ab5d1ed8e1153d9c9f350a3246aad01c6873462b9ac05999ad5cc988826eafc3acae853a33b7ba11cd1445875ba1b236b1
399483c90bd560b0b0263435085a21b0f22a9cf9356b38ec6046026d77eba3dc2dc60b17e92219e180643ed27acffba86e9c94c7ca9c225a0f1b0cfae0788ad5
4adc5a9aec1b703b8b93caec1a0bd8e5de7b132fe5113cf312503b998e2c2927274bd051db6b35979b1ef271daf6c6704e86c73805af4bdd476216c26593af84
0dfb5393d964f9cc9bad5c313709ea70f561ed3ea7b053075221d51696910d0d339585004b34272bff7213cc7a510a5454a3b349b1b206c1f0af490176745d4b
c663e2abb2b34b23da76f6352ba57ca2881844c1111ab189d8c7e07e1daaa04f40255c77988aa05fe06e4e5bdb4cb9c5394bbaf28d98c1d971ccd20867e556a7
689ec9166e0a522183792b8907ba55ca6e943bbf2a26e52f48957218ffcf54d1fb09dc3eac04da033e5c0d0b8c74a6b43d2e54c4a10aa511f5fb021a07533b20
5ae07e17a621a8e082dafc17e450ffb739676998b48643a4daa7211214f623150942f6a02c99e83b85583ddbbb2c4996113211551257a656ec1139246ca86be0
aadedb3d1441a89b6a929501833b197fee7b9641a3503739e57c732a59b1f7da1cf8a73b1f9bcca0945b874d4393dbbf10b1680f66bbaa5d6f96e77b6f59113d
316bb31a795600b3d256d0cad2fe354538e7566b2bd69cc6cbcd5c38f0e2bcc63058344429dc2121fd07f63f2a7c66bf76e80d75c8f7a1b622f878a18941d840
545fb28d07d205d20e8ea071b283369834296bdaac75d256cb37eb0bee740bbe278cad253b8bbfcf69eca23973d939b97891c6ce2cecd8da8e2d343578f6648a
c2d0383fc818c798cf64e52f597c740f1cbd05df0c264c49134cf09d4a60e8a107260f20f92d47b374e32f000000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100
0dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f7
8277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c082e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89
d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd08a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd500
1996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0f
bfff0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000000000300100005f72656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a
0000001c00000000000000000000000000190200007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021
0030dd4329a8060000a41b00001600000000000000000000000000d60200007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d001400060008
00000021000dd1909fb60000001b0100002700000000000000000000000000b20900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000ad0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax267\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef1\lsdunhideuseddef1\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;
\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;
\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority59 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;\lsdunhideused0 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;\lsdunhideused0 \lsdlocked0 Revision;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e500000000000000000000000090ed
44e50cc6ce01feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}